Hi, I'm Rich.
Let's submit a table for the 2022 Table Contest.
Let's assume you've created the table that you want to share.
That's the Table Contest's main point.
We need to fill out a few things to get your table submitted.
So let's do that.
Table title.
Usernames.
You have to have an RStudio username to even submit.
Just enter it here.
Remember to use the at sign just before your username.
I put mine in.
Great.
Authors.
Include all authors if you can right here.
Just comma separate them.
Social links.
If you're on Twitter, anywhere else, social, put in your links
right here.
You can use markdown styling for these links.
We'll give special recognition to folks who are newer to
data science. People that are new, less than one year or more.
I am definitely more than one year.
So I chose that.
But if you are new, choose less than one year.
Submission type.
There's four.
There's a single table example.
That's what I have right here.
It's one table.
I just want to show everything I can in this one table.
If you have something that's really long, you have lots of
text and you're teaching people.
That is most definitely a tutorial.
For other, if your submission doesn't fit into the single
table example or tutorial category, select other.
We're recognizing this here.
If your table is built with R and or Python, so you may have
a scenario where you're getting the data all sort of like
through Python.
You're making the table with R or maybe doing the reverse.
Who knows?
Maybe you're just doing it all in Python, whatever.
Choose, put the checkboxes here.
What languages you used.
Libraries.
Packages.
You need to use them to make tables.
For this table example, I just use GT, so I'll put it there.
You may use a bunch of these packages.
You may just use one.
Choose the one that you used for your example.
Category.
So there's four of these.
Static HTML.
One table.
It's HTML table.
Interactive.
So your HTML table has things that you can sort of click on.
You can filter, do all sorts of like really fancy things,
which are interactive.
That's what that's for.
Static print.
That is more or less things like LaTeX, things which are,
you know, like Word documents.
You're just writing tables to like some pages.
They're not HTML at all.
Interactive Shiny.
That is most definitely HTML and you're basically using Shiny
in that case, a table inside Shiny.
So that's the category.
Short description.
Here we have two fields for a short and long description.
Short and full, we're calling them.
Just choose something that's short for the short description.
Obviously tweet length, give like a good roundup of what
your table is trying to do, what you used, what inspired
you, all sorts of things like that.
Just keep it short.
For full description, you can go wild and just like tell
everything about, tell us everything that you considered,
what technologies you used.
Just fully flesh it out in full description.
And again, you don't have to completely have everything
perfect in this form.
This can be edited afterwards.
Industries.
If this table pertains to some particular industry like
life science, finance, public sector, what have you, just mention
it here.
You know, we want to know if, you know, if this table pertains
to a field like that.
We care about that sort of thing.
Code apostrophe.
A lot of times you'll have your table code in a GitHub repo.
I linked to one repo here.
It doesn't really exist, but it's a repo nonetheless that
could exist.
Make sure you put your table code in a repo and share the
link right here in this field.
For a link to the table, we prefer that you use Quartopub.
I have it right here.
This is my table entry in Quartopub.
We can share right out of Quartopub by hitting this share
button and then copy link.
And that's what I did here.
I just copied it straight into here.
Like so.
You may be, you know, creating a shiny table, sorry, a shiny
app with a table inside of it.
So you might be using shiny apps and we accept other forms
too, but you know, try to use Quartopub if you can.
RStudio Cloud Project.
You may opt to use RStudio Cloud to host your table code in.
It's a great option for, you know, when you want people to
want to share the table and you want people to interactively
get in there and, you know, play with your code.
I actually already have a cloud project set up with this
table in it.
I can grab the link right here in the browser.
And I can put it right here.
So basically it's going to look like this, rstudio.cloud
content and some number which is your project.
And that is it.
Then you just gotta hit the done button.
And what it does is it takes you to something like this.
It's like right before you actually create the topic itself.
So basically all the stuff that was in the form populates
inside here.
It's great.
You really don't want to touch it at all.
You just want to create the topic.
So let's hit this button.
And soon you'll get your entry and this is actually live.
This is actually a posted topic on RStudio community.
Here where you can edit your submission.
Just right here.
And then yeah, you can go in here and go to the full
description, you know, add things like images to your
description.
You can add, you know, change the text totally up to you.
You can save the edit or you can cancel out of it.
You know, the option is there.
Once you have it in here, your submission is entered and
yeah, I hope you win.
And that's it.
I hope to see you in this year's table contest.
If you're looking for ideas, we encourage you to check out
Tale Gallery and to participate in the weekly Tidy Tuesday
on Twitter.